“Legacy is not what's left tomorrow when you're gone. It's what you give, create, impact and contribute today while you're here that then happens to live on” - Rasheed Ogunlaru. In this essay, I intend to demonstrate how I can be a great addition to the Wharton community.
The most important value I learned as a child was to share: whether I had a lot or a little, I knew it meant nothing unless everyone could partake. It is this underlying principle that drives my personal, professional and academic ambitions. As a student who completed his Bachelors with a 100% scholarship, I routinely participated in RunNUS – an annual running event whose proceeds go as bursaries to financially needy NUS students. Having first handedly experienced the complexities of migrating to a new country for education, I took to mentoring Indian students who aspire to study in NUS. At work, I am a committee member of People Strategy, organizing several employee engagement activities and enthusing folks for various CSR events. I am also an active volunteer for Breast Cancer and Prostate Cancer awareness campaigns at Citi. Wharton’s spirit of giving back to its community resonates so very well with my own values.
With a rich cultural background from India, studying and working experiences in Singapore combined with a passion for learning and leading, I would be able to add to the diverse classroom experience at Wharton. Having had the opportunity to study and work in a multi-cultural environment during my exchange program and internship in Switzerland, I have developed a deep appreciation for what a diverse team can achieve from its synergies. The experiences gained from working in a variety of different enterprises for internships and full-time – SME, start-up, research lab, and MNC – have given me a taste of myriad work cultures.
Every now and then, I try to push myself to the limits and do something outside my comfort-zone. Running a full-marathon was one such experience. The lessons I had learnt from it has profoundly impacted the way I see things in life. I have learnt the values of discipline, perseverance, commitment, patience and most important of all, preparation that it takes to achieve one’s goals. I had learnt that changes or destinations don’t arrive overnight. It is a continual process. You have to work on it relentlessly, step after step, and one day you would eventually get there. 
I strongly believe that Wharton’s reputation for being among the top business schools in the world comes from the individuals who add their unique backgrounds, experiences and contributions – thereby making the community whole. With my diverse background, I am confident that I can both stand out and blend in and leave a lasting mark for the years to come.
